Documentation for ConvertingPopulator (#45)
teamneusta/converter-bundle: docs/usage.md

Conversion done.

## Special Populators

> After a while you will recognize that a lot of scenarios in population are very similiar to each other. Some of them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After working a while with the converter pattern, you will notice, that many scenarios in the population are very similar.
```

> could be done with the same populator except the target and the source property name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the source property can be copied directly to the target property, but only the names of the properties change, the same populator could be reused over and over again.
```

### Converting Populator
Let's go on with the following extended model classes:
```php

> class Address
> {
>     private string $street;
>     private string $number;
>     private string $postalCode;
>     private string $city;
>     // ...
> }
> 
> class User
> {
>     // ...
>     private Address $address;    
>     // ...
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class Address
{
    private string $street;
    private string $number;
    private string $postalCode;
    private string $city;
}

class User
{
    private Address $address;
}
```

```

and the target type is `Person`:

```php
class PersonAddress
{
    private string $streetWithNumber;
    private string $postalCodeAndCity;
    // ...
}

class Person
{
    // ...
    private PersonAddress $address;
    // ...

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class PersonAddress
{
    private string $streetWithNumber;
    private string $postalCodeAndCity;
}

class Person
{
    private PersonAddress $address;
}
```
